normie insults = [
    "You call that a guess? Even a potato would do better.",
    "You must have a sixth sense for getting things wrong.",
    "If guessing was a sport, you’d be a professional loser.",
    "Is that your best? I’ve seen better guesses from a goldfish.",
    "You’re on a roll! A roll to the bottom of the leaderboard.",
    "You should consider a career in making bad guesses.",
    "I've seen better guesses from a broken clock.",
    "It’s almost impressive how bad you are at this.",
    "Maybe try guessing with your eyes closed next time.",
    "Your guessing skills are as sharp as a marble.",
    "You couldn’t guess your way out of a paper bag.",
    "I’m impressed by your dedication to being wrong.",
    "You’d have better luck with a magic 8-ball.",
    "Your guessing game is about as good as your sense of direction.",
    "Maybe try a different game where wrong answers are encouraged.",
    "Your guesses are so far off, they’re practically in another dimension.",
    "You should get a medal for consistently missing the mark.",
    "You’re really going for a record, aren’t you?",
    "If wrong guesses were currency, you’d be a billionaire.",
    "Your guessing skills are truly something to behold – just not in a good way.",
    "You’re about as good at guessing as a blindfolded raccoon.",
    "Have you considered making wrong guesses your full-time job?",
    "Your guessing skills are like a black hole – they just suck.",
    "It’s like you’re on a quest to prove how wrong one person can be.",
    "Congratulations! You’ve reached a new low in guessing.",
    "You’re not just wrong, you’re impressively wrong.",
    "Guessing isn’t your strong suit – but at least you’re consistent.",
    "You could give lessons on how to fail spectacularly.",
    "I’d ask you to guess again, but I’m afraid the universe might implode.",
    "Your guesses are so bad they’re almost an art form.",
    "You’re a walking, talking example of how not to guess.",
    "Maybe leave guessing to professionals – like literally anyone else.",
    "You’ve elevated wrong guesses to a form of high art.",
    "If there was a world record for bad guesses, you’d be the undisputed champion.",
    "You’ve got a real talent for guessing wrong – it’s almost impressive.",
    "You’re so far off, you’ve circled back to wrong again.",
    "Your guessing technique is a masterclass in how not to guess.",
    "If there was a prize for making the worst guesses, you’d win every time.",
    "You’re like a reverse psychic – you guess the opposite of everything.",
    "I’m almost curious how you manage to guess so badly.",
    "You’re a connoisseur of incorrect answers.",
    "Your guessing skills are the stuff of legends – in the realm of failures.",
    "If there was a school for bad guesses, you’d be the valedictorian.",
    "You’re not just missing the mark – you’re missing the entire target.",
    "You’ve turned guessing into an art of spectacular failure.",
    "You should write a book on how to guess poorly – it’d be a bestseller.",
    "Your guesses are so wrong, they might actually be right.",
    "You could be the poster child for how not to guess.",
    "If there was a championship for wrong guesses, you’d be the reigning champion.",
    "You’re consistently incorrect – it’s almost impressive.",
    "Your guessing skills are a lesson in how to fail gracefully.",
    "You’ve managed to make wrong guesses look like a science.",
]

Losing insults [
    "Aw, not your day. You just couldn't handle it, could you?",
    "Looks like you’re just not cut out for this. Better luck next time!",
    "You tried, but the game got the best of you. Maybe you should practice more.",
    "Ouch, that was a tough one. I guess winning isn’t in your cards today.",
    "Tough luck, champ. Maybe you need to hone your guessing skills.",
    "Not even close! You really dropped the ball on this one.",
    "That was a major fail. You might want to consider another hobby.",
    "Wow, you really had no chance. Better luck next time!",
    "Well, that’s a wrap. You just couldn’t make it happen.",
    "You’re out of your league. Time to step up your game!",
    "You really flunked this one. Maybe guessing isn’t your forte.",
    "Looks like this game just isn’t for you. Time to try something else!",
    "A bit of a disaster, wasn’t it? You might want to practice more.",
    "Tough break. Maybe next time you’ll get it right.",
    "Well, that didn’t go well. Time to try again.",
    "You’re not quite there yet. Better luck next time!",
    "This game was too much for you. Time to try a new challenge.",
    "You really couldn’t handle it. Maybe it’s time to rethink your strategy.",
    "You lost. Maybe next time you’ll get it right.",
    "This one was too tough for you. Better luck next time.",
    "Seems like you’re not getting it. Maybe you should practice more.",
    "You couldn’t pull it off. Time to hit the books and try again.",
    "Well, that was a letdown. Try again and maybe you’ll do better.",
    "You missed the mark. Maybe you need more practice.",
    "You lost the round. Try to improve for next time.",
    "Not your day. Maybe you need more experience.",
    "You blew it this time. Time to try a new approach.",
    "Well, that was a flop. Try to get better for next time.",
    "Looks like you didn’t get it. Better luck next time!",
    "You failed this time. Time to step up your game.",
    "You couldn’t guess it. Maybe practice will help.",
    "You’re not winning today. Better luck next round.",
    "You didn’t make it. Time to try again.",
    "Looks like you missed. Better luck next time.",
    "You lost this round. Practice makes perfect!",
    "Well, that didn’t go as planned. Time to try again.",
    "You weren’t able to guess it. Try harder next time.",
    "You missed the mark. Maybe you need more practice.",
    "Looks like you need more time to get it right.",
    "You failed to guess. Time to give it another shot.",
    "You didn’t win this round. Try again next time.",
    "Well, you couldn’t guess it. Better luck next round.",
    "You missed out this time. Practice and try again.",
    "You didn’t get it. Time to try harder.",
    "You lost this round. Try to improve.",
    "Looks like you’re not winning today. Try again.",
    "You missed the guess. Better luck next time.",
    "You couldn’t handle this round. Try again.",
    "Well, that was a loss. Better luck next time.",
    "You didn’t get it. Time to try again.",
    "You failed to guess. Practice more for next time.",
    "You didn’t win this round. Better luck next time.",
    "Looks like you missed. Time to try harder."
]